[Autogenerated] I think the best way for you to learn how to create an
execute Cory's in Spring Among Go is to look at a real example.
Remember this query?
It's what he used earlier on in the course.
We're basically fetching all the people that have the age greater than
18 and then we apply some sorting and imagination.
In order to execute this query, we need to use the Mongol template class.
More specifically, we need to use the find method.
The fine method has two parameters.
The 1st 1 is the query by age,
and the 2nd 1 is the person class is the type off
document that we want to query against,
and the outcome of this method is the list off
persons that matches the given query.
This is the recipe that you use in orderto executor queries in spring and mongo.
But now let's take a look at things in more detail.
Fetching data with mongo template usually involves three steps.
You definitely need the query definition that contains the
criteria and optionally sorting and imagination.
Then you need to decide the outcome off the query.
They want to retrieve a single document.
Do you want to fetch many documents that much?
A query.
Do you want to count the documents that match the given?
Pretty.
These are questions that you should ask yourself and last but not least,
neither class type that contains the mongo imitations.
Those annotations are pretty important because they
give you the collection name.
So spring knows in which collection tok'ra data.
And they also give you information about fields which impact
serialization and this realization There are many methods that
continues to retrieve information.
There is final to retrieve all the documents in a
particular collection we cannot find that is used to
return documents that match even query.
We have find one if you're interested to retrieve just a
single document that matches a given query,
and we also have count,
which it turns the number of documents that match a particular quick
Let's complicate things a little bit and look at more detailed
examples I'll be using The aircraft Document aircraft is a simple
class identity with a document.
It has a couple of fields i D or internal code,
the aircraft family, the number of seats and the engine,
which is a sub document containing the needs maintenance bullion field.
If we want to retrieve all the aircraft in the collection,
we have two ways to Childress.
First,
we can call the final method on the Mongol tempera
class at passing the document type.
Another alternative would be to create a query without criteria.
In our case, this created empty query,
and then we can pass it to the fine method off the Mongol temperate class.
Both methods produce the same result all the aircraft in the collection.
However,
the second approach is a little bit more flexible because you
can introduce paging and sorting into the mix.
We have dedicated methods for retrieving single documents.
If you want to filter by i d.
Then we have this method find by a D available on the market.
The class we're passing the idea and the document type,
and we're pretty much done.
We can also great a query that returns a single result.
We need to define the criteria and then we can use the find
one method on the Morgan temperate class.
We can apply multiple filters to a single field by chaining
operators if you want to filter all the aircraft that have the
number of seats between a minimum max value.
We defined criteria on the number of seats field,
and then we change the greater than and less than operators.
We can complicate things even further and make a composite
criteria using logical operators here if you're using the or
operator and we pass in a list off criteria.
One criteria filters aircraft whose families 77 the second
criteria filters aircraft by the number of seats.
If any of these criteria is evaluated to true, then the document is returned.
That's what the operator does.
We also have the operator here.
If all criteria, it's very true, then the document is returned.
Else it is not.
You can see how easy it is to create complex queries by nesting
criteria together and by using is logical operators.
But what if you want to filter by a field in a sub document?
Well,
we get also this using criteria we can use dot to traverse the object graph.
In this example,
we're querying all the aircraft whose engine needs
maintenance in the quite your definition.
Engine is a property of aircraft and its maintenance is a property off engine.
Using that, we can navigate the object graph and find the fields that we need.
The rest is pretty simple.
It past the equator to the fine method.
And then you provide a document type two so results we can use the with method.
In the with method, we can provide a sorting definition.
Here, the direction is ascending,
and then we have the field on which you want to sort.
In our case, number of seats, we can complicate a query even more.
And at Beijing again,
we're using the wit knitted and then recreate a page definition.
We use the pager kissed object record off method,
and then you passing the page number and base eyes will
be low query capacity in tomorrow.
Template on, we're done.
We've looked at a couple of queries ranging from simple to complex,
but they all respect the same recipe.
You need the query definition.
You need to decide what they want to return one document
multiple documents or all the documents,
and then you need to provide the class type that contains the mongo annotations.
Think about this when you're building queries and everything is going to be a breeze